well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about north
carolina florida
trust and indifference
the agenda the itinerary the rough
sketch for the
republican national convention here in
florida it's been released
it's going to happen next month
the overwhelming majority of the time it
will have 2500 attendees that is
500 attendees on the last night
for some period of time at least they
will allow guests
but it will be capped at 7 000.
now if you're in florida or you're
paying attention to what's going
on down here you're like that doesn't
really seem like a good idea
because it's not but that's what they're
doing
i want to point something out though
this was originally scheduled
to happen in north carolina
the convention was going to happen in
north carolina
and they moved it because the governor
of north carolina
was uh concerned about attendance
how many people were going to be there
so
they moved it nbc said that
republicans were touting 50 000
attendees
50 000 now it's 2500.
now i'm sure republicans will try to
spend that well they all wouldn't have
been there at the same time or whatever
fine
cut the number in half 25 000
to five hundred ten percent
in reality it's five
what does that mean means republicans
have changed
they've changed they recognize the
danger now
they see the need to take precautions
they want to protect themselves make
sense
what hasn't changed their talking points
what they're telling the american people
they
moved their convention because
they weren't going to be allowed to have
a big crowd
and now they've limited the crowd size
themselves
to five percent ten percent if you want
to go with whatever spin comes out
but while they've taken those actions
for themselves
they're still telling their supporters
those people who trust
them in this case with their life
that everything's fine we're getting
back to normal your kids need to go to
school you need to get back to work
sacrifice yourself for the economy
i would do it but i'm needed
in dc in the rear
you guys on the front lines y'all have
fun though i wish i was there with you
remember all that tough talk
everybody wants to be a tough guy until
it's time to go through the door
i don't know that i have ever seen this
level of indifference
to human suffering and i've seen some
messed up stuff
they have reduced their attendance
by 95
90 whatever
but they're still telling their
supporters the same thing don't worry
about a mask
be all right
they're just hoping that their
supporters
don't have to go to too many funerals
between now and november
they're banking on it not getting out of
hand
until after the election they know it's
going to
if things don't change they know it's
but they're more concerned about this
can you imagine how hard this was
for republicans to convince trump to
agree to shrink the crowd size like this
especially after he took to twitter
moved the whole convention just to
satisfy his ego
they had to convince him that this was
okay which means trump knows to
but his talking points haven't changed
he's still saying the same thing
but when it comes to them and their
safety
well then we have to take the
precautions
i can't imagine that battle he has to
know how stupid he looks
moving the entire convention to satisfy
his ego and then still
only getting 2500 people
because it's that bad and there's no
denying it anymore
i think that they need to rethink this
go ahead have your full festival
it's what it is it's a party it's not
like you're really deciding anything
there
it's just a show like everything else
i don't see there why there's any reason
to let science get in the way of it
anyway it's just a fault y'all have a
good day